----------------------------------------------------------------------
License text for all parts of numcxx besides triangle and netlib

Copyright (c) 2016,2017 JÃ¼rgen Fuhrmann, Weierstrass Institute Berlin

Permission is hereby granted, free  of charge, to any person obtaining
a  copy  of this  software  and  associated documentation  files  (the
"Software"), to  deal in  the Software without  restriction, including
without limitation  the rights to  use, copy, modify,  merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense,  and/or sell  copies of  the Software,  and to
permit persons to whom the Software  is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The  above  copyright  notice  and this  permission  notice  shall  be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE  SOFTWARE IS  PROVIDED  "AS  IS", WITHOUT  WARRANTY  OF ANY  KIND,
EXPRESS OR  IMPLIED, INCLUDING  BUT NOT LIMITED  TO THE  WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY,    FITNESS    FOR    A   PARTICULAR    PURPOSE    AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING  FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
----------------------------------------------------------------------


----------------------------------------------------------------------
License text for triangle

Copyright 1993, 1995, 1997, 1998, 2002, 2005 Jonathan Richard Shewchuk
2360 Woolsey #H
Berkeley, California  94705-1927

These programs may be freely redistributed under the condition that the
copyright notices (including the copy of this notice in the code comments
and the copyright notice printed when the `-h' switch is selected) are
not removed, and no compensation is received.  Private, research, and
institutional use is free.  You may distribute modified versions of this
code UNDER THE CONDITION THAT THIS CODE AND ANY MODIFICATIONS MADE TO IT
IN THE SAME FILE REMAIN UNDER COPYRIGHT OF THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR, BOTH
SOURCE AND OBJECT CODE ARE MADE FREELY AVAILABLE WITHOUT CHARGE, AND
CLEAR NOTICE IS GIVEN OF THE MODIFICATIONS.  Distribution of this code as
part of a commercial system is permissible ONLY BY DIRECT ARRANGEMENT
WITH THE AUTHOR.  (If you are not directly supplying this code to a
customer, and you are instead telling them how they can obtain it for
free, then you are not required to make any arrangement with me.)
----------------------------------------------------------------------


----------------------------------------------------------------------
License remark for the codes in the netlib directory. 

These have obtained from  http://www.netlib.org/templates/ As for most
codes in  netlib, no license information  is given for them,  and they
are  considered to  be in  the public  domain, at  least this  was the
intention of the creators of netlib, see e.g.

http://www.netlib.org/utk/people/JackDongarra/PAPERS/netlib-history6.pdf
----------------------------------------------------------------------

